so on the pip-boy hate this store took
that out
Gemma Castro I still sell at 9:19 and
I'm special girl in 34 bucks you get a
pure later filter and five courses we
had a lot in stock collecting dust stuck
in the back yeah dust it's a regular
stuff junk five Tony maybe we'll get
some
I got teen we get my oil there now
it's a good deal stops dusty it's been
sitting here for a while there's your
own oil it's got super clean Pennzoil
that's okay I get the diesel world to
stay bill this stuff's going on big time
last time I changed it yeah use Pennzoil
actually fluid we want the bitch
boundary Castro and the other war stuff
just be like 12 bucks last night I
bought a couple years ago
helicopters huh sure - so I get trouble
for taking that still around okay
help I honest I got 9ea
back one way check valve vacuum deal my
wagon I broke it the evap cancers messed
up my video or that
yeah you gotta go find a filter now I
think I wrote it down
yeah but same course we scored and I got
another kind of my house a good deal
with spending some money today there'd
be four times to touch $68 McCready will
find this filter get the hell out of
here I mention I hate this store
oh yeah go ahead some kid in
YouTube going to be cooler
it's Ecore 347 I think you said P 48
though so yeah now old Morris the ones
all use our right these four Ecore this
one's not gonna be a core design which I
know look at that
48 about the same size as 4 to 6 so
probably use the 48 by was $4.99 so
that's good to know and now I have steel
on the head
Tony gmail is the one I use they use
another one and big tractor filter like
the pure later want to kind of get I'll
get two of those Who am I without a lot
of injection car
Steven have them great
yeah that's a
what happened okay we got one for the
TBI ride that long for the 5.3 we're not
and Megan's on e okay I do want a final
check-in on oil so the same we're here
Germany
jamón jamón jamón
Jim gentleman will still be talking to
me looking up are they so fasteners here
too huh Janet oh well good
Oh crazy
well we got our oil it's hot out here is
always I'm back in case explodes
people work here really any choice
one two three four five yes if you see I
thought it wasn't it will find this
it's getting nervous
so the only person who buys it the
Florida one two three four five on
around here is money secured in the
Kestrel 7208 and they get my last for my
credit card oh yeah
cool they're probably tired crap up -
it's the way I Drive it's gonna go fine
Lukie due to the bags you could use me
holy crap it's hot in here and it's hot
outside it'll leak over there and it
front light comes through not leaking
yet though
brand-new cover I don't ever made a
video of that no I was pitching when I
took it off bad freaking star I got a
Breaking and get the hell out of here
that's another thing check that out
reward point balance excluding today's
purchase is zero I guess you can't get
rewards when the shit's on sale idiots
least taxes low here New York will be a
lot more expensive Florida's not that
great but better than there oh yeah what
an anything it's the guys name you don't
say
that's not say it ain't no look them up
on Facebook